DOC: Iterate on documentation. (#275)
equinor/fmu-settings: docs/src/index.md

# FMU Settings documentation

> **FMU Settings** is a tool that will simplify the handling of FMU model metadata (metadata related to the FMU model itself) and references to master data (required for making FMU results usable in other applications and contexts).

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit heavy, maybe we can try to shorten it a bit.. do we need the first parentheses here?
```suggestion
**FMU Settings** is a tool that simplifies the handling of FMU model metadata and references to master data (required for making FMU results usable in other applications and contexts).
```

Reviewer 2: Implemented

- <a href="https://equinor.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C09MFKN4NC9" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">#fmu-settings slack channel</a>
- <a href="https://fmu.equinor.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">FMU portal</a>

> ### Upcoming features

Author: Removed this as it felt a bit misplaced in the documentation (?)

Reviewer 2: Not so sure about this. The intention is to make users aware of upcoming features in FMU Settings when they first started using the app. Some of the user feedbacks are asking about new features like mapping to other FMU components. With this section the users are aware that we are working on that. It's debatable to put this in the documentation, but maybe this is the easiest place to put.

Author: Question is, I guess, if documentation should include only what _is_, not what _will be_. There is also a risk that the documentation makes promises to users that we won't keep, if other things are prioritized etc. Anyways, this is not particularly critical - I can put it back in 👍

Reviewer 2: I think that's fair point, documentation should only include the current state. I'm fine with removing this from docs if others agreed.

Reviewer 3: I think it is ok to remove it. If we see that many users are coming to us with suggestions for new features or asking what will be added next we can consider to add it back in. For now I think it is better to remove it to avoid user expectation for new features, which, as Per Olav says, we sometimes can't keep
